how do you prevent a rude person from
just completely ruining your day I know
what that's like someone tries to push
your buttons and all of a sudden you're
in these terrible mood the rest of the
day a young woman wrote in and said she
works in customer service and this rude
person came up to her and said something
awful and it was like she couldn't even
smile and be friendly to everybody else
thank us thank goodness it was almost
the end of her shift but what do you
what do you do how do you handle a
situation like that
just remember they're trying to elevate
themselves by bringing you down and
you're just there pray for that day and
for no apparent reason it's their
problem it's not yours and I know that
inherently we take it personally
especially because you're sensitive but
just remember it's not your problem it's
there so in a way just look at them like
I feel sorry for that person because
they have such a bad life I have such a
good positive uplifting life and I'm not
gonna allow that person to succeed in
bringing me down so if you look at it
like that suddenly you're like okay I'm
I'm not gonna let this person win I'm
not gonna let this person bring me down
I'm gonna have a great day anyway I'm
not gonna just continue the negativity
and if you don't internalize what
they're saying I know that's hard but
just try just to remember just remember
that you are a positive person and and
remember you're trying to exude that on
other people so instead of continuing
the negativity turn it around change
things
don't let that person win like I said
and just put it out of your mind
feel sorry for that person for a moment
and then move on and be your positive so
it'll work